Package distributions may be placed in this directory.
If present and a package-path is configured, packages can be installed
using the top-level makefile.

To configure the package path, use the --with-late-packages option to
configure, which specifies the path to the directory containing the
xemacs-packages and mule-packages hierarchies to install.

To find out if a distribution includes bundled packages, type

    make check-available-packages

There are three Make targets that may be available depending on the package
sets supplied.

    make install-bootstrap-packages
        Install a selected set of packages sufficient to support
        downloading and installing packages via the M-x list-packages
        interface.  Chose this if you want to be able to install the
        latest version of each package immediately.

    make install-nomule-packages
        Install the full distribution of packages that do not require a
        Mule-enabled XEmacs.  Choose this package if you don't have a
        Mule-enabled XEmacs and want the convenience of a single-command
        installation.  You can add or update packages via M-x list-packages
        at any time.

    make install-all-packages
        Install the full distribution of packages, including those requiring
        a Mule-enabled XEmacs.  Choose this package if you have a Mule-
        enabled XEmacs and want the convenience of a single-command
        installation.  You can add or update packages via M-x list-packages
        at any time.

DISTRIBUTOR'S NOTE: you may choose what packages you wish to include in
bootstrap.tar.gz, but to make list-packages work you need to include at
least xemacs-base, dired, and efs.  The tarball should unpack directly as
an xemacs-packages tree (and optionaly, a mule-packages tree.  Also, if
either of xemacs-sumo.tar.gz or xemacs-mule-sumo.tar.gz is provided, the
other should be as well.

If packages are not available with the distribution, you can get them at

    ftp://ftp.xemacs.org/pub/xemacs/packages/xemacs-sumo.tar.gz
    ftp://ftp.xemacs.org/pub/xemacs/packages/xemacs-mule-sumo.tar.gz
    http://turnbull.sk.tsukuba.ac.jp/Tools/XEmacs/bootstrap.tar.gz

and place them in the same directory as this file.  You can also make your
own bootstrap.tar.gz by creating a directory xemacs-packages, then
untarring the packages of your choice into that directory, and tarring the
whole thing up with "tar czf bootstrap.tar.gz xemacs-packages".  (If you
wish to include mule-packages, you should place them in mule-packages as
a sibling of xemacs-packages.)

This facility currently does not support installations which configure
the --with-early-packages, --with-late-packages, or --with-last-packages
options.

This facility currently will not overwrite an existing package
installation, not even if a whole hierarchy (usually the mule-packages)
is missing.  In particular, you cannot use this feature to add the
mule-packages to a package installation which lacks them, even if the
hierarchy is missing, or the xemacs-packages hierarchy was installed
this way.  Nor can you "upgrade" a bootstrap installation to a full
installation.  If you wish to do any of these things you will need to
remove the existing hierarchies.

