Hello,

I've written a new version (5.8) of my html package for the XEmacs 
and the GNU Emacs 19. The name of the package is:

		 hm--html-menus-5.8.tar.gz

With this package it is very easy to write html pages for the World Wide 
Web (WWW). Eg: In most cases the user gets help to construct a specific 
link by examples or by a completition list with possible input strings.
It is also possible to insert links and images by just clicking on its
source and destination (drag and drop feature).

The biggest new features compared with release 5.7 are:
- use of the customize package for customization
- the header of the main files should no be 'package finder' compatible
- in the XEmacs a drag and drop mouse pointer will be used
  during drag and drop
- the minor mode (hm--html-minor-mode) could now be used in many
  other major modes
- better popup menu support for the hm--html-minor-mode in the
  Emacs 19
- the emacs start up options -u, -q, -no-site-file are now
  respected
- some bug fixes
Read the NEWS file to see news in detail...

You should find hm--html-menus-5.8.tar.gz on the following ftp server:
	sunsite.unc.edu in /pub/Linux/apps/editors/emacs/
	ftp.tnt.uni-hannover.de in /pub/editors/xemacs/contrib

It may take some time, before the package is copied by the ftp admins
from the incoming directories to the above listed directories.

There is a html documentation about the package. You can find it on:
http://www.tnt.uni-hannover.de/~muenkel/software/own/hm--html-menus/overview.html

This package provides also a minor mode (hm--html-minor-mode), which
can be used together with other html major modes, like the psgml-html
mode or other major edit modes, like the perl-mode.

The package provides functions to insert the following stuff in html-pages:
1. Anchors:
	relative links, general link;
	html link, info link, gopher link, file link;
	ftp link, news link, mailbox link, mailto link, wais (direct) link,
	wais (gateway) link;
	proggate link, local proggate link, 
	link target;
2. Frame elements:
	full html frame with doctype, doctype, html, head, body, title,
	header and signature elements or only the single elements;
	meta, isindex, link and base element;
	html 'created'- and 'changed'- comments;  
	the current date in the title; 
3. Structure elements:
	menu or list item, menu, unordered list, ordered list, directory list;
	description list, description title, description entry;
	table, table title, table header, table row, table entry;
	new paragraph, new line, horizontal rule, document division;
4. for formatting paragraphs:
	preformated, blockquote;
	basefont, font, center, style;
	html comment;
5. formatting:
	bold, italic, underline, typewriter, strikethru, super and subscript,
	emphasized, strong, small, big,
	definition, keyboard, variable,	code, sample, citation,
6. include:
	top aligned image, middle aligned image, bottom aligned image;
	general image element, map, area and all together;
	applet, parameter, script;
7. forms:
	form;
	text, password, isindex, integer, float, date, url, scribble fields; 
	checkbox, radio, reset, image, audio and submit buttons;
	option menus, scrolled lists and option entries;
	textarea;
8. entities:
	most of the special ISO- characters, less, greater and ampersand;

If it makes sense, the functions worked also on selected regions.
I've used the same menu items and the same keystrokes. Therefore, you
don't need to learn different menus or keys for similar functions.

You can choose the popup menus between an expert menu and an novice
menu interactively.

With the pulldown menu, you can do the following things:
- select the popup menu
- start a drag and drop command
- get help on a drag and drop command
- remove numeric names
- quotify hrefs
- reload the config files
- load html templates from a template directory (two templates are included
  in the package); templates written in a special template language are
  expanded automatically;
- preview html documents with the netscape
- preview html documents with the xmosaic
- preview html documents with the w3 package for the XEmacs and emacs

You can insert links and images by clicking with Meta Control Button1
on its source and then on its destination. For this drag and drop
interface the following destinations and links are supported: - the
inclusion of an GIF- or JPEG- image by clicking on its name
  in a dired buffer
- a file or relative link to any other file by clicking on its name
  in a dired buffer
- a file or relative link to a directory by clicking on a line without
  a filename in the dired buffer
- a file or relative link to a file by clicking in a buffer with this
  file
- a http or relative link to a html page by clicking in the w3 buffer, 
  which displays this page
- a http or relative link, which is in another html page by clicking 
  on the link in a w3 buffer
If there is an activated region in the source buffer, then the link
is inserted around it, so that the region is used as the name of the
link.

You can configure the html mode with a special configuration file for
your site and with another file specific for a user.

The html specification is under development and therefore this
package is also under development. So, if you have any ideas to
extend the package, feel free to email them to
muenkel@tnt.uni-hannover.de.


Heiko
